Version change to 1.0.0 for release to npmjs of the wdio5 branch (#11)
browserstack/wdio-browserstack-reporter: README.md

# wdio-browserstack-reporter

> The branch contains reporter for **WebdriverIO 5** and **WebdriverIO 6**, for v4 please refer to [wdio-browserstack-reporter/wdio4](https://github.com/browserstack/wdio-browserstack-reporter/tree/wdio4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The branch contains reporter for **WebdriverIO 5** and later versions. For earlier versions please refer to [wdio-browserstack-reporter/wdio4](https://github.com/browserstack/wdio-browserstack-reporter/tree/wdio4)
```
